a tent with a tunnel and hundreds of balls he
shipped into it is very big
boxes in which 2 cases are enclosed
one house cover in another own
tunnel in separate covers nested
an instruction which I think is not particularly
it is necessary because everything is very simple house
taken out a little bit and literally he himself
house is revealed in my opinion
value for money sizes
The most optimal is how many I don’t
I saw this the most optimal
size and in general 100 balls and
someone lacked us enough and new
units and the field here is a little bit less
because baby loves them very much
to scatter copper already in the house in balls
here we see the curtain on one side
curtain
molded into 3 limes we see below and
the sides and thereby fastens that is
the window is not there it is very tight
everything is wonderful it can be wrapped in
above we see a small not.
and on the reverse side is the same and
tied up with thereby formed yet
one window on top of the hole child
becoming older can stand play standing in
2 children fit into the light
we didn’t try anymore though 2
fine im there very comfortable tunnel i
I will say very long meter
seventy five diameter but then perhaps
all the same more where the child I though
growth is not very big but with difficulty
I will lay here at us inserts transparent
Well, on the reverse side in general, that is
red is very house in this adore
bought it when we were about seven
months at first cautiously climbed into
he was touched with balls
but then he became the most beloved
a toy
so far we are both of him
they throw balls out of it to sit it
just some kind of miracle